on its own even it is not a match for a
fully grown Argentinosaurus
but this giant killer is not alone
for years it was thought that an adult
Argentinosaurus would be too big for any
predator to tackle but in 2006 a new
discovery suddenly made even the biggest
dinosaurs a lot more vulnerable as they
dug into the Argentinian dirt they
didn't just find one predator buried
here the skeletons of at least seven
mapusaurus of different ages and sizes
were found together it suggested that
this was a group a Giant Killer that
appears to hunt in gangs
and more than capable of taking on the
very biggest dinosaurs
not even a fully grown Argentinosaurus
is safe from this proof the best defense
is their sheer summons
Matra Soros is teeth are perfectly
designed like blades to slice off chunks
of flesh
with prey so large a single bite isn't
always faking it appears mapusaurus
could just snack feeding from its victim
without actually killing it
the victim surviving to provide more
food at a later date
but even in a group these giant killers
are never far away from danger
attacking an animal
and ten times your weight carries grave
risks